🧹 update packer hcl example (#121)
mondoohq/client: examples/packer-hcl/README.md

**Requirements**

- [Virtual Box](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- [Vagrant 1.8.0](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads)
- [Mondoo Packer Provisioner](https://mondoo.com/docs/supplychain/packer/#install-mondoo-packer-provisioner)
- [Mondoo](https://mondoo.com/docs/operating_systems/installation/)

To run the example, ensure Vagrant and VirtualBox are installed on your workstation. Next, install the Mondoo Client and Mondoo Packer Provisioner.

> To run the example, we need Vagrant and Virtual Box installed on your workstation. In addition, the [Mondoo Client](https://mondoo.com/docs/operating_systems/installation/) is required on your workstation in combination with the [Mondoo Packer Provisioner](https://mondoo.com/docs/supplychain/packer/#install-mondoo-packer-provisioner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example, we need Vagrant and Virtual Box installed on your workstation. In addition, the [Mondoo Client](https://mondoo.com/docs/tutorials/mondoo/account-setup/#step-2-install-and-register-mondoo-client-on-a-workstation) is required on your workstation in combination with the [Mondoo Packer Provisioner](https://mondoo.com/docs/supplychain/packer/#install-mondoo-packer-provisioner).
```
